DATABASE PATH-PURPOSE
Acquire
Process
Manage
Development
Increase Productivity

ORACLE DB ADMIN TOOLS;
Install GUI interface
To add or remove features.
To cluster the environment and need to install clustering tools


Which of the following is the single most difficult aspect of working with large datasets?
Answer: Rate of growth

Which step in the Database Path makes the data meaningful for the organization?
Answer: Progress

In the following image, what does the ORCL represent?( Oracle SQL )
The connection you're using to gain access to an Oracle instance.

A instance is the in-memory, running portion of your database.

Which SQL Developer feature makes searching for items in a table much faster and easier?
Indexes

Which TWO features contain programmatic elements within Oracle and make it possible to write complex pieces of code?
Packages
Procedures

Triggers are code to perform an action and can be associated with a database or a table.


What do you use to connect to other Oracle or external databases?
Database links


In Oracle, you can create your own custom, complex operators.


RDF Semantic Graph related about Fraud Detection. $100 on Sunday morning is normal or not? How would you determine if $100,000 is normal or not? 
Well, RDF semantic graphs really let you create graphing type entities. 
Let you create natural relationship between and among entities, so that the data can be processed in such a way that, for example, fraud can be detected as just one example. 
So this is a graphing type database store inside of Oracle. 
This is referred to as Triple-store, okay? 
So when I say Oracle can store Triple-store, I'm really referring to RDF, the resource description framework. 
Graphing databases, graphing databases are also compared with neo4J. 
Neo4J is an example of a graphing database, that's compared with the RDF and the Oracle universe. 
On AWS, on the Amazon environment, there's something called Neptune, which is the Amazon's version of the graphing database.


 Each table can only be related to a single other table IS NOT TRUE .
 
 
 In Oracle, synonyms are references to a table.
 
 
 Primary keys have which of the following characteristics?
 Can not be null.
 Are unique to the table.
 Are always indexed
 
 
 When creating a table, you must know:
 The name of the table
 The schema the table belongs to
 The data type of each column in the table
 
 
 
